hello this is Charles from server dot
Pro and today I'm going to show you how
you install a world on your game server
so first off you need to have your
control panel and then you need to find
a map that you want to play so I go to
minecraft maps' comm because they have a
bunch of maps that I like and let's say
I want the survival map and this one
stranded raft so I just click on
download and then I come to a mediafire
link you see here that in the left
corner
it's it's a direct link to the map so
instead of just downloading this to your
computer you can just right click copy
link address go to your file manager
click upload file paste the link here
and choose upload from web this way is
much faster than downloading to computer
and then uploading it to the file
manager so right now it's downloading it
and you see here this is the map what
you want to do now is you want to unzip
this because the server can't read the
this format it needs to be in folders so
you click on this you see its mark now
and then you click on unzip and then you
will get a folder called stranded raft
copy this name go to my server go to
level name and paste it here click Save
restart so let's try it that works this
is the server address click join and
there we go
where's my raft awesome
alright good luck guys